Authorization Provider Migration Guide (#506)
braintree/braintree_android: v4_MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

`BraintreeFragment` has been replaced by a `Client` for each respective payment feature. 
See the below payment method sections for examples of instantiating and using the feature clients. 

## Authorization Provider

> When creating a `BraintreeClient`, you can provide a tokenization key, client token, or an `AuthorizationProvider`. When given an authorization provider, the SDK will fetch a client token on your behalf. This makes it possible to construct a `BraintreeClient` instance in `onCreate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a `BraintreeClient`, you can provide a tokenization key, client token, or an `AuthorizationProvider`. When given an authorization provider, the SDK will fetch a client token on your behalf when it is needed. This makes it possible to construct a `BraintreeClient` instance in `onCreate`.
```

Reviewer: Take it or leave it suggestion

> **Assuming** the merchant can GET `https://www.my-api.com/client_token` and receive the following json response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Assuming** you have a server that supports GET `https://www.my-api.com/client_token` and receive the following json response:
```

I think we speak directly to merchants in this guide - does this make more sense?

```json
{
  "value": "<CLIENT_TOKEN>"
}
```

Here is an example `AuthorizationProvider` implementation using Retrofit 1.x:

```java
// ClientToken.java
public class ClientToken {

  @SerializedName
  private String value;

  public String getValue() {
    return value;
  }
}

// Api.java
public interface Api {

  @GET("/client_token")
  void getClientToken(Callback<ClientToken> callback);
}

// ExampleAuthorizationProvider.java
class ExampleAuthorizationProvider implements AuthorizationProvider {

    private Api api = new RestAdapter.Builder()
            .setEndpoint("https://my-api.com")
            .build()
            .create(Api.class);

>   void getClientToken(@NonNull ClientTokenCallback callback) {

Reviewer: Did we change the name of this to AuthorizationCallback?

    api.getClientToken(new Callback<ClientToken>() {
      
      @Override
      public void success(ClientToken clientToken, Response retrofitResponse) {
        if (retrofitResponse.getStatus() == 200) {
          callback.onSuccess(clientToken.getValue());
        } else {

> 	  // TODO: inspect response for error reason

Reviewer: Is this TODO for us or the merchant? Should this be removed?
